NOTE: We know about several very large bugs in our alpha test already, particularly:
1. That near the edges of the screen your character will inexplicably disappear
2. Only one enemy is currently active/moving/attacking, and that enemy is the only one that can be killed with a ranged attack.
3: There is an inventory at the top, but you can go up there and touch the cannons and they will move along the screen. 

We ask that, if possible, you tell us about bugs you have found in addition to the ones mentioned above. Thanks!

#summary Instructions on how to play the game

:::Controls:::

You can move the character by pressing ← and →, and jump by pressing ↑. You can climb ladders by pressing ↑ and ↓. You can cast spells by pressing 'space'.


:::How it works:::

In this game you have to collect canons to get elemental powers, and use them to kill the enemies. There are 3 types of power: fire (red), water (blue) and electric (yellow). Every time you touch a cannon, it will be collected and placed on your inventory, and will become the currently active power. If you touch another canon, your current power will be replaced with the type of the cannon you just collected. Your inventory works as a stack. Every new cannon will be placed at the top of the stack, and every time you get hit by an enemy, it will pop the stack and you will lose the power that was active. The next power on the stack will become active then. If you get hit with an empty inventory, you lose one life. The game is over if you lose all your lives.

:::Fighting:::

If the character touches a monster, it's going to be hit and the power stack will pop a cannon. If the character gets hit with an empty inventory, it loses one life.
There are 3 types of powers, meaning that there are 3 types of enemies and 3 types of player spell. Each type has strengths and weaknesses:

Fire: strong against Electric, weak against Water

Water: strong against Fire, weak against Electric

Electric: strong against Water, weak against Fire

Attacking a monster with a spell of the same type as the monster, will give just 50% of damage. In addition, attacking with a type that is weak against the monster's type will give just 25% of damage.


:::The goal:::

Kill monsters and collect treasures to get lots of points! :)